---
layout: post
title: About Us
categories: about
tags: 
  - about
comments: false
mathjax: null
featured: false 
published: true
---
Here's what we wrote for our "Group Charter", one of many, many documents
we've had to write for the Advanced Game Design class at Cornell:


**Patrick Steadman** (Project Leader)

At Cornell, Patrick has studied graphics
programming, software engineering, and literature.  Out of school, he has built
complex Doom WADs, enterprise applications, and a number of experimental net art
projects.  Patrick is also on Cornell’s heavyweight rowing team, where he’s
learned best practices for teamwork in frustrating, painful situations. 


**Cristian Zaloj** (Co-Software Leader (with Joel))

Coming from a background of
game design with various architectures and APIs, Cristian has experienced the
many mistakes that can happen during game production and has learned from them.
He has designed a toolkit name Vorb (soon-to-be rival of SFML), and is very good
at adhering to a strict set of rules while coding. He was the lead software
engineer for CS 3152 last year, and is also fairly competent at 3D modelling and
art.  

**Joel Gross** (Co-Software Leader (with Cristian))

With undergraduate degrees in Computer Science and Economics as well as
prior experience creating games, he is well suited for game development.
Focusing on graphics and simulations in Graduate School he is prepared for the
commitment needed to create a 3D game. In addition, with several years of
development experience in C++, he will be able to be productive immediately. As
the gameplay programmer for the game Thermo last semester, he knows what it
takes to create a successful game.  


**Mindy Ha** (Senior Lead Visual Artist and Designer)

A senior in interior design at Cornell, Mindy has several years of experience in
translating ideas into models and rendered 3D spaces.  She has also taken
classes for other creative fields, such as character design, stage design, and
animating in Maya. With her experience, she knows she is prepared to design and
create the look of the game. In her spare time, she enjoys playing board games
to video games with her friends. It is also common to see her sketching on any
spare paper she can find. 


**Hao Zheng** (Programmer / User Experience and User Testing)

With an undergraduate degree in Computer Engineering, he has prior programming
experience in C++ and good understanding in computer architecture and system. He
has taken computer graphics class in his undergraduate, and can help with
graphics programming if needed. As Information Science graduate student, he
designed the user interface for the “MultiPlayer Platform” used by Information
Science department, and he also conducted user interviews / user testings for
that system.


**Aidan Kessler** (Senior Assistant Visual Designer)

As an artist, Aidan has
gained experience creating visual images, both two and three dimensional. Having
spent much time playing a variety of digital and non-digital games, Aidan has an
understanding of mechanics and design.

